[NARUTO] Today's the day of our
new holiday!
It's "Family Day!"
So everyone...
get out there together and have
a great time, ya know!
(UNCOMFORTABLE LAUGHTER)
That's gonna air all over the
village on Family Day, huh?
Listen, it is what it is.
This is just part of the
duties that come...
with being a great Hokage.
People wanting to have a brand
new holiday...
Back in the day, when mostly
everyone here was a shinobi...
the thought never crossed our
minds, ya know.
Look, there are more non-shinobi
than ever these days.
For shinobi...
a holiday could just mean a day
without a mission.
Civilians expect more...
like having an annual day of
rest or something like that.
"To deepen bonds between parent
and child," huh?
Go and spend some time with your
family!
I bet that even when you go
home...
you only sleep and rarely
talk to your kids, right?
I'll do what I can to free up
your schedule here.
Shikamaru... (LAUGHTER)
Wow, thank you!
P-Please! Stop pushing!
(CONFUSED)
Don't listen to him, Lord
Hokage, sir!
Please, you just
gotta sign mine first!
Lord Hokage, please, sir! Sign
this form!
(GASP)
You'll find time, right?
Uh... Y-Yeah...
I think that it'll be just
fine...
Family Day, huh...? (CHUCKLE)
Sounds good to me!
I'm definitely gonna make it
home...
and make sure that we have
a great day, ya know!
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC) ♪♪
"Family Day"
[HIMAWARI] It's finally Family
Day tomorrow!
But I wonder if Daddy can come
home...
Earlier today he said that he'd
be able to make it.
Well, he has a lot going on,
but..
he'll definitely come home, ya
know!
Yeah...
I'm sure you're right!
Okay...!
...I'm going to visit your
grandpa.
I think that your Dad should be
home any minute but...
Look after Hima, okay?
Yeah! Relax, I've got this!
See you soon, Mommy!
I'm heading out now!
(YAWN)
(STRUGGLING) Owww...
Smooth move. You're finally
home, huh?
Boruto? W-Well, today's Family
Day, right?
Sorry, I had a ton of merchants
come in...
to ask me for food stalls...
and eating contests and
all kinds of stuff like that...
I haven't slept!
Making excuses cannot be
excused!
Huh?!
Forget it. Anyway...
Hima's been waiting. I'll leave
her to you.
Hey, wait, Boruto. Aren't you
gonna join us?
Sorry, I'll be busy training!
See ya!
All right, then! Train hard!
(DOWNCAST)
I'm ho- (COMICALLY SHOCKED)
(SLEEPING)
I guess, this is what he meant
when he said she's been waiting?
Hima... Hey,... you okay?
(WAKING UP)
Oh... Hey, daddy... Welcome
home.
So... what are you doing
sleeping down here, anyway?
I have a request for today!
[NARUTO] A request?
Just look, Daddy!
The all-new Nine-Tailed...
Kuraa-ma?
I wanted you to go and buy this
with me...
But...
(CURIOUS)
It's just... you only got
home right now, didn't you?
Uh... (CHUCKLE)
Yeah, sorry, um... Listen,
let me take a little nap first.
After that, then we can go
out, okay?
Oh... (CONFLICTED)
Huh?
Urgent New Arrival! Limited
Edition Item for Family Day!
Okay! You go get some sleep,
daddy!
And we can go together after!
(STARTLED)
You know...
we really oughta go soon because
they might sell out of them!
Hima, let's go right now!
(EXCITED) Yeah!
It's a Nine-Tailed Fox Spirit
toy...
and you haveta take really
good care of it.
And the name of this fox is
Kuraa-ma, is that right?
Yeah! At first, it's still
inside of an egg.
So you have to pet it and say
really nice things to it...
and that's what makes it hatch
and come out!
Oh! So the fox hatches from
an egg?
And once it does then it gets
suuuper happy when you feed it
this stuff they call Food Pills!
So... it hatches out of an
egg...
and then you haveta feed it,
huh?
In that case, this Kuraa-ma
sounds just like a little baby.
Hey, who're you calling a
baby?
Not you! I was just talking
about a toy!
Daddy?
Oh, uh, it's nothing!
I was talking to the real
Kuraa-ma just now!
(CURIOUS)
(TOWN CHATTER)
Aren't they open yet?
Hey, I was here first!
There's so many people here
already?!
Oh, boy, if they realize that
I'm here...
there's gonna be a huge riot!
Excuse me, bud!
Yeah, you're in the way!
No one seems to realize who you
are, Daddy.
(EMBARRASSED CHUCKLE)
(IMPATIENT GROANING)
Seriously? Are all of them here
just to buy Kuraa-ma?
Hey, if it isn't Naruto!
(CURIOUS)
Hi-ya!
[NARUTO] Kiba!
I gotta say, I never thought I'd
see you here.
I could say the same about you!
I never thought I'd see you
out shopping with your daughter.
Going shopping with your Dad
today, are ya?
Oh, um... Well, I...
Oh! Back in the day, Kiba here
was on Team 8 together with your
mom. He's a Ninja Hound user.
With Mommy?
(CHUCKLE) So you really don't
remember me, huh?
Well, it's true that the last
time I saw you...
you were just about Akemaru's
size...
Oh! How cute!
(HAPPY)
The big one's Akamaru... and
the little one is Akemaru.
(CHUCKLE) Nice to meet you!
Wait, if you're here then...
that must mean you're after a
Kuraa-ma too?
Yeah. Hima said that she
really wants one.
So what are you doing here?
Huh? Oh, Uh...
An acquaintance of mine asked
me to come pick one up for her.
(CURIOUS)
Although... she didn't
actually ask me.
She just saw the poster for
it...
...and she was all like, "The
fox is sooo cute!"
So I just figured that she'd be
happy...
if I secretly went and got
one for her...
Lemme get this straight...
this is a surprise present for
your girlfriend then?
(HESITANT)
(PLEASED CHUCKLE) I think that's
great! And besides...
Hinata would be worried if you
and Shino never met anyone!
This has nothing to do with the
old Team 8!
Kuraa-ma's really cute! I'm sure
she'll love it.
You think so?!
All right then! I'm totally
gonna go get her one now!
Okay!
See you later!
(STUNNED)
Hurry, Daddy!
Huh? Right!
Akamaru, watch Hima for me!
Hm?
Aw, man, damn it! It's
completely sold out!
Huh? I wonder if Daddy got
one...
(CHUCKLE) All right!
Daddy, you bought one?!
That's right! They had a whole
bunch of them in there...
so it was pretty easy to get my
hands on one.
Huh?!
C'mon, I wanna see it!
(chuckling) Okay, okay.
Here's the toy you waited so
long for...
...Kuraa-ma!
(SHOCKED)
Oh, man!
What's up? I don't get it.
What's the matter?
Uh, Naruto... that toy you
got...
(CURIOUS)
I- It's Shukaa-ku? You mean
it's not Kuraa-ma?!
It's a similar toy that's made
in the Hidden Sand Village.
I didn't get fooled.
I mean, I'm just saying...
(GUILTY)
(DISAPPOINTED)
(LAUGH) Even the dogs've
had it with you!
Damn it! All right, then...
Since it's come to this...
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(SNORING)
Hey! Wake up! What are you
doing?!
Fewer than Big Brother... And
they're both asleep.
Uh, yeah, but, uh...
(EMBARRASSED)
Good grief... Listen, I'll help
you guys out.
Seriously?! Are you sure?
Well, how else could we live
with ourselves...
when she gives us that sad look?
I'll check the new part of town.
And you can search the old
section.
Thanks, Uncle!
Yeah, Kiba! Thanks so much!
(CHUCKLE) Sure, no problem!
Okay, guys! Let's get going!
Right!
We oughta go, too Hima.
(SURPRISED)
Hurry. Climb on up. Daddy's
really fast, ya know.
(EXCITED) Yeah!
Your Daddy's the kind of person
who never gives up!
No matter what I'm gonna get
you one of those Kuraa-ma!
Hurray!
[INO] You really thought you'd
find a Kuraa-ma here?!
We already checked out a whole
bunch of shops
and we couldn't find anything!
(ANNOYED) So you thought you
should go to a flower shop?!
(EMBARRASSED)
I mean honestly! How ridiculous!
Right. Sorry to bug you at
work.
Oh, Naruto! Wait a second!
Huh?
This is for you, Himawari.
It's a little "thank you" for
all you did for Inojin.
Oh! It's so pretty!
You are just the cutest!
Aww, you're so adorable!
Here, have another one!
Thanks so much!
You know, you might get tired of
holding those all day long.
Wanna stop by home and drop
them off?
(CONSIDERING) It's fine!!
There, now they won't be in the
way.
Did ya haveta put 'em there?!
(NOTICING)
(CURIOUS)
This is a good look huh?
Yup!
(LAUGHTER)
(TOWN CHATTER)
Welcome! Come on in!
You know, I'm kinda hungry!
Ooh, cotton candy! I want some!
Please?
(sad)
Ahhh...
(NOTICING)
Ahh!
[KURAA-MA] It's so yummy! Give
me more!
(CHUCKLE) Now, don't rush!
You're an important part of my
family, after all!
What... are you doing?
(STARTLED)
[SHINO] (busted) B- Boruto?!
Oh... Uh, this? It's just
something called Kuraa-ma.
It's really popular with the
kids...
so I bought one so I could
see what all the fuss is about.
The reason is because it's
kinda like research...
to understand how a student
might feel.
Uh huh?
But in the end, it's a toy,
and nothing more. I mean...
...it's really not even that
cute at all! Right?
(UNCOMFORTABLE LAUGHTER)
It's funny...
'cause it sure looked like you
were doting on it...
Never mind about that!
Anyway, why aren't you with
Naruto and Hinata today?
I'm busy training, all right? So
I gotta go now! Bye, Sensei!
How strange...
Maybe kids at that age find it
embarrassing...
to spend time with family?
Oh, and I'm so sorry I said
that you weren't cute!
You're so much smarter and cuter
than Naruto's Kurama is!
Yes you are! (BABY TALK)
[NARUTO] I can't believe how
hard it is to find a Kuraa-ma.
Hey, Daddy, how about this
store?
(CURIOUS) I could'a
sworn this place was...
(CURIOUS)
Naruto, is that you?
Hey! Tenten! It's been
awhile.
Don't tell me that's Himawari!
Oh my goodness, look how
you've grown!
(SHY CHUCKLE)
What about this?
Wait, what is it?
Since it's "Family Day..."
I stocked some kunai that look
like a parent and child.
But no one wants one.
The long side is the parent, the
short one is the child. See?
Like a parent and child, right?
That's kind of a stretch...
Anyway, do you have the
Kuraa-ma -?!
That is the fourth time
someone's asked that today.
(SWALLOWING)
You think it's an omen...
telling me that I oughta just
close up...
this outdated tool shop and open
up a toy shop instead?
Uh...
So you do think that?! Even
you think so, Naruto?!
(SOBBING)
Hey! This does look like a
parent-and-child.
I'll take it!
And for you, my lady...
how about a little something
like this?
(UNCOMFORTABLE CHUCKLE)
(GIGGLE)
(TOWN CHATTER)
Aw, man... All that searching
and we didn't find one!
This is really not good...
Hey, Naruto!
Huh?
I managed to get one! I found
you a real deal Kuraa-ma!
Seriously?!
(CONFIDENT CHUCKLE)
(OVERJOYED)
I found it in a kiosk at the
outbound Thunder Rail Station.
It was the very last one
that they had.
Oh, but... are you sure?
Wasn't it supposed to be a
present for...?
(REALIZING) I never actually
told her I was gonna buy one...
so there won't be any harm done
at all!
Wow, Kiba... Thank you so much!
Yeah, thanks, Uncle!
(PROUD CHUCKLE) You're very
welcome.
Anyway, Akamaru's holding on to
it. I'll get it...
All right! Now here's the toy
that you've been waiting for!
(SHOCKED)
[HIMAWARI] That's...
That's a hamburger... Isn't
it?
(STUNNED) Hey, what happened to
Kuraa-ma, Akamaru?
(SHEEPISH WHINE)
Hey, Kiba... Look. Isn't
that...?
Huh?
No way... You're kidding...
The bags got switched out?
(BARK)
What?! It's 'cause I didn't
feed you since this morning?!
(BARK)
Ninja Hounds get hungry too, so
it can't be helped? What?!
You guys can't even eat this
kind of stuff!
Kiba! Stay with Hima!
(TAKEN BACK)
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Huh?! What?!
(FRUSTRATED YELL) All right,
fine!
Kurama! Sorry, but will ya help
me out, here?! Hey! Kurama?
Nope.
Huh? But why won't you?!
Mistaking me for that idiot
Tanuki?
I'm so disgusted, I don't even
wanna talk to you right now.
Come on, this isn't the time for
that kinda stuff!
At this rate, Himawari's gonna-
[KURAMA] All the more reason!
Huh?
It's for your daughter, isn't
it?
Don't rely on me, go the
extra mile yourself, idiot!
(CHUCKLE) Okay, I get it.
You're completely right.
(DETERMINED YELL)
Huh?! Lord Hokage!
(HEAVY BREATHING) You're not
getting away from me now!
Huh? Wait, you're -!
(GUILTY)
You're the one I sent to
investigate...
the state of affairs
in the borderlands, right?
(GUILTY)
So why are you, uh...?
Uh, Daddy?
(NOTICING)
(SHOCKED) Why did you come out?
Just wait over there!
O- Okay.
(DISTRAUGHT)
Lord Hokage!
Please forgive me!
I hadn't seen my son in a
while...
and he wanted a Kuraa-ma, so
I...
Oh, no... what've I done?
Daddy?
Hm?
Hima...
You shouldn't drop it.
Huh?
You got it just for him, right?
Hima?
Here. You gotta take good care
of it.
Uh-huh! Thanks a lot, Big Sis!
(HAPPY)
Are you sure?
(HAPPY CHUCKLE)
Uncle Kiba, I'm sorry... After
all that...
(CHUCKLE) Don't worry about
it!
(HAPPY)
All right, then, as of today...
I'm relieving you of your
mission in the borderlands.
(SHOCKED)
Uh... Yes, sir.
You're assigned to security at
the Aun Gate starting tomorrow.
I'll let Shikamaru know
about the transfer.
Am I... being demoted, sir?
No, forgive me!
I'll do my very best at my new
assignment, Lord Hokage!
Idiot! It just means...
you won't have to be away from
the village anymore.
Take good care of your son, you
hear?
(REALIZING)
(GRATEFUL SOBBING)
(SOB) Thank you so much!
Bye-bye!
(CHUCKLE)
I'm sorry I couldn't buy you a
Kuraa-ma.
(HAPPY)
I got to go to lots of places
with you, Daddy...
and it was so much fun!
And you got this guy for me
today...
and I'm gonna love him forever!
Hima...
Daddy... thank you so much for
today!
And...
Huh...?
Keep up all the good work as
Hokage!
(GASP)
Now that I look, Shukaa-ku is
kinda cute, too.
(CHUCKLE) Y- Yeah, right?
Honestly...
I think Shukaa-ku is way cuter
than Kuraa-ma, ya know!
(SURPRISED)
All right! Let's run home now!
Real fast!
(GIGGLE)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS) ♪♪
[NARUTO] Listen... snap out of
it already, would ya?
Me saying Shukaku is cute was
just a figure of speech!
Please don't get all bent out of
shape just because of that!
Hey, c'mon, ya know?!
Kurama?
Kuraa-ma!
What'd you call me?
(COMICALLY FRIGHTENED)
[CHO-CHO] Wherever there's
gourmet food to be found...
that's where we'll be!
Let's enter the eating
contest, dad!
[CHOJI] Mom already hates me for
being lazy.
If I enter this, it'll make
things even worse!
[CHO-CHO] It's Family Day! When
Mom sees...
what a great role model
you are for your daughter...
she's bound to fall in love with
you all over again!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"A Heaping Helping! The Eating
Contest!"
[CHOJI] Yeah, you're right! I'll
win this...
and I'll win back Mom's heart
once again!